AI statement: For RQ1,
I used generative AI in a limited and focused way, mainly for debugging code
and for clarifying the interpretation of OLS regression. For example, AI was
used to help identify and fix errors related to data merging, lag construction,
and model setup. It was also used to double-check how to interpret regression
outputs, including coefficients, p-values, and R². I manually checked all
outputs and ensured that the results were statistically and conceptually
consistent. Overall, AI served only as a support tool during the coding process,
and I take full responsibility for all code, methods, and conclusions
in this project.

AI Use Statement (RQ3)
ChatGPT was used to improve the readability of any text that appears in the
notebook, including reformatting content and correcting spelling errors.

The gen AI was also used to support coding tasks by identifying existing
functions relevant to the intended implementation and by assisting in debugging
errors. To do the latter the code snippets and the output were provided to
ChatGPT to diagnose issues and propose corrections.

All AI-generated suggestions were personally reviewed. This included reviewing
official documentation, testing the behavior of the code in practice, and
examining the code changes recommended by the AI before incorporating them
into the final work.

RQ4 and RQ5:
ChatGPT 5.2 Pro is used though out the project. Based on my own working
implementation of code and ideas, I used AI to:
- Simplyfy coding structure to cleaner code
- test with edge function and find bugs
- apply styles to plot which otherwise i need to do manually for 20 plots
- Find better method or library to use to speed up and having better quality
without change the logical steps for my implementations
- Implement unneccarry function for this project for example parallel code to
translate and evaluate sentimetn score which otherwise would take 2 days to run

Presentation
- I often have my words and sentence written and exceeding the time constrain
I use AI to help e compress the sentences into short and concises speach notes.
